# Random Scratchnotes

Here are random scratchnotes idk what to do but it had to be stored before I forgot it.

## Remind idk

- Don't touch my button! An overprotective Cyberdemon dormant, gets triggered when you press this button & then tries to revenge up in your ass.
- US style residential house where the actual boss is. You've teleported right onto him the Spider Mastermind on accident when stepping on mysterious sector as you see it in Automap. Don't worry, we can resurrect him, lemme get you back. Followed by stanley parable open giant happy ending No. 1
- [Diabolus EX](https://www.doomworld.com/forum/topic/101473-gzdoom-diabolus-ex-v11/) has Neon grid. **OK**
- No jump after terrywadded? 
- Put Box Air Conditioner tall & Acid Rinsing Shower system after the Sector hurt test.
- use [counter](https://zdoom.org/wiki/ThingCount) to count enemies in Sniper level!
- Put your boots back on! the boots provide anti fall damage protection
- CREDIT map. TheFatRat - Killing Me, & Rolling camera hallway

## Idea & Random

Cool ideas that scope is way too huge for me to realize now, but maybe you will? Also by other reasons too.

- Zenless Zone Zero TC. Entire Unity Game, remade as a Gameplay mod PWAD or better, drastic Total Conversion with maps complete with the 1 to 1 gameplay
- Dangdut in GM1 MIDI. Soundtrack for Doom WADs using Dangdut styled song. The one that goes e.g. dung tak dung
- Demo.MID. Doom Demo system but instead using Standard MIDI format. Keypresses go to Notes. Feedbacks are Text inputs. This feedback tells that this event should happen, and if in that happen the actual game did not say the same at that exact moment, that mean you likely have cheated or used wrong mechanism, or compromised demo. It can also tell overall this would desync with this mechanism setup.
- Baldi. **NO!!! YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME!! STOP!!!**
- Basics in Behaviour Miss Cirlcle. **HELP!!!!! I CAN'T RESIST!!!**
- Gacha. **NO NO NO NO NO NO, WAI WAI WAI, WHEY WHEY WHEYT!**
- Assassin Creed TC. After disappointing misdirection from Ubiosoft, you know, this had to be it.
- Godot instead of Coherent Lab. IWAD selector made with Godot instead of proprietary HTML engine. It also has built-in Source port, more like
- GODOT. Doom but Godot instead of that Doom. not an [importer](https://www.doomworld.com/forum/topic/125581-what-does-doomworld-think-of-godot-engine/), [really](https://github.com/DataPlusProgram/GodotWadImporter). It plays WAD & GRP directly, replicating every mechanics of DOOM, Heretic, Hexen, Strife, Quake, Build Nukem, etc., like the effort was with the [rescratched into Rust](https://github.com/Henrique194/iron-doom).
- Freedoom Phase 3. to cover Dhewm replacement pk4.
- Freedoom Phase 4. to cover Doom 2016
- Ironic Outcomes. An H Mod PK3 TC that also replaces guns with water guns & hydro themed lobbers. This is to rant against certain regulations & bureaucracies that despises violent gun games like Doom, sprinkled with Duke-sussy-baka style of Gal-gun. Llike Korp's Furdoom, Gib is replaced by Thrown. Something you would find on N game store. Shake it baby!
- Smoking cause cancer. A Jokewad that adds a new Thing set of cigarette. These adds buffs & also punishment token for whole gameplay. Max 5 consumption before the next becomes cancer. Cancer works like ZZZ's Hollow Zero corruption, up to 5 you can have with unpredictable bad effects. So if you died, the Reload save also includes last cancers you have when you last saved. You can find rare medicine around that can remove 1 cancer.
- Time Crisis.
- 3D Modelled map. Instead of typical BSP, the map is empty but a special 1 Thing which is the map itself. You can now model maps in Blender then load it here. Now you can floor above floor above floor and so one iyey!
- Libdoom. Like with the case of [Libsm64](https://github.com/libsm64/libsm64) (Super Mario 64 Decompilation as Library), This library makes Doom portable & can be embedded to various video games & game engines.
- Fdroidoom instead of DeltaTouch. Plagiarize efforts of Beloko of compiling Doom source ports for Android, but it's Open Source, at least BSD or Apache Licensed or better. And yess, DRM Free!
- Insert Coin. GZDoom addon that makes the experience Arcade, where you must insert coin to play. There was score doom, but uhh idk the fate.
- Spooky Jumpscare Mansion. It was not GZDoom. Somekind of weird Engine I've yet to recognize, and then in the HD Renovation is Unity before the Great Next Betrayal of Installation Fee back in late 2024.
- Dissociate Commons off the Authors. Somekind of special Episode miniwad with key philosophy of unassociate art and various works off from artists due to various reasons. Again, without refering just particular artist explicitly. Rather, in general, by rabbit hole / topic context.
- *You guys hated me for no reason and then expect me to respect that? Hah, bullshit. You wish for me to no longer admire your magnificent masterpiece?! Well then. Then I shall cease my protection for you against review bombs who knows.*. Text Intermission. This is very rude & controversial, where do we place this? `$HATEDFATE`
- Has opposing philosophy against the dictators, threatened to eventually be one with. The Orwellian something but DNB, but too many agents got punished.
- Freedoom Generations. Coverage for Doom Eternal
- Freedoom Phase 0. Coverage for Doom The Dark Ages
- The Unheard Story. Inspire the Korean film Parasite! Spolier in end. The poor protagonist breaking point bla bla bla. Looks like it's the poor guy blamed for the death of the rich. But you already saw right who should be blamed right, in my opinion? the rich guy along many, should be taken a look at.
- Luke Ken Doom?! yeah. If 3D Realm harrassed you, go to here! bring BUILD magicness here!
- complen the Ken Silverman licenses of BUILD engine where source ports out there are constricted
- The Cauterizer. Sunat Laser but giant sized, a sword. Actually, it's not laser (yeah impossible & if so, too complex). It's just a red hot wire 1200 C. So hot, upon cutting also cauterize the area instantly, canceling the bleeding right ahead.
- *Mari, kita hormati kakek pertama & gengsi. Belilah DOOM Full paket di toko kaset terdekat.*. *Let's respect our first grandfather & clout. Buy Doom Full package at your nearest cartridge store*. Poster PSA to invite all DOOMer to buy original DOOM everything down to the latest one, depsite there's already Freedoom & other open source replacement coverages, again, all just not to be ashamed against everyone who did have one, politically speaking. Well personally, I also don't want to disrespect the first grandfather (John Romero) & also not be ashamed against you gamers, so I have one. Maybe you should too, help his today's families because who knows, by your time, things even harder for even the descends of John Romero & families, regardless by your time everything already Public Domain because that's over 70 years post mortem.
- *I'd rather slap back same side he slapped me*. Inspired from a Bible quote where if you slapped left, then reply slap right, which metaphorically means, avoid revenge. This is of course is uncomfortable to follow for not deity.
- Tower of Slaughterion. NUTS without the lag. ZZZ ala Battle Tower using W & W - OIIA song.
- Resource Management trouble Challenge. Hard mode: Excess that's thrown away will be counted & deducts your scoring (based on [Doomworld eevee's WasteNot](https://eevee.itch.io/wastenot)), Easy Declare mode: excess resources will be calculated & left behind instead of thrown away (based on [Zhs2's Intelligent Supplies](https://forum.zdoom.org/viewtopic.php?t=71897)).
- Saya Mau Berak. Timed Megawads. You must quickly Use the Toilet to End Level. If you timeout, you'll Die Shitting your Pants.
- *XYZ Rabbithole is dead, I was banned from the community, Stop making mods for it*. An episode or level name
- AI Cheat Detect: Dualsense. The AI Anti-Cheat detects cheating by seeing your controller struggle motions. e.g., when pressing a Force Feedbacked trigger, the user should be seen have a little struggles in its motion sensing & trigger press graph pattern; & when vibrating, the RAW uncalibrated motion sensing should results that there is a vibration mixed with other motions. If this is absent or what, This could mean that they used a counterfeit controller, or worse: Cheatcon.
- ECS Doom. Doom with Things an Entity Component System class. Modular description! add stuffs to it. Automatically converts Doom's description into ECS modules. Make it all Data Oriented.
- The Provoked. Mancubus on wheelchair. Classname FatModerator. Shoots fireball onto the sky & then the fireball flies like guided missle towards player, at high speed as Cyberdemon's missile. You must take cover a lot. id, you're going to be responsible for class naming Mancubus `fatso`. You have no idea, what's funny in your time, becomes so provoking & so body shaming today. So much, everyone has to bites the dust in their own community whatsoever. Well, it's unchangeable. They have to face it. Who the hell asking help anyway? Or hangout with strangers who knows what their true faces are, these days?
- In Indonesia, you fight organizations (Mass organizations / ormas) who claims do good, with no evidence of good. In US (& around & maybe various countries of Europe maybe), you fight individuals who claims do good, with no evidence of good.
- New idea. Freedoom Phase Eternal is Ender game knock off. After you anhilate entire alien civilization you guilt. then suddenly a queen serpentipede has recently laid eggs, desperate for new home as she is dying. The player who won commemorate awards fly a plane with bringing these eggs to planets far away
- Freedoom Dark ages. the alien used to be ally, but then at the end betrayed the player which led to Phase 1.
- The tree in the center of Lah-Mboh facility is named `Unseen appreciation`. You are so big, but the room for motion is tight, hence nobody sees your top. The top represents your magnum opus. The tree goes down, and that's when the magnum opus toples along with it to the ground, for everyone to see. [Mendel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregor_Mendel)'s Inheritance Variable Probability was despised for mismatching against popular Darwinian Evolution theory. After he died suffering epilepsy, the Darwinian theory eventually wanes of, and the scientist discovered much better theory, which is Mendel's. Idk, that's what I heard from long lost comics many years ago!
- [Coincident's How to Okuplok](https://youtu.be/LMRtjJ1luAs).
- Add [reason]() of Invasion in Lah-Mboh: Arenod Sediron who's affiliated with DNB has a sentence for corruption. Corruption here is not in just a sense of financial, but also other aspect with a similar pattern. when one becomes the Great Impact, that one worths appreciation. Of course, with being Great Impact comes caveat. The Corrupt will always takes it down, as their greed were no longer satisfied. These are the people DNB targets against. At that time, Corrupt people that got caught are sentenced permashamed. If just death sentence, where's the fun in that?. Everyone are happy to shame those who ruined Great Impacts, especially coming from Indonesia (because in their home, corruption was so thick & irrecoverable & hence this is the only way to vent). So much shame, the sentenceds mysteriously died without violence, like a self destruct activated without a height. A bunch of Harrassers found those poor souls & included them in their Invaders cloning pool.
- *Juicy* Vassago. from Banished to ID24 hell. you have heavily criticized Legacy of Rust for its practice you consider milking dead horse at DOOM I + II. So, while you do fun, suddenly you got sniped & go to hell. You met this zesty Vassago that likes furry when he was alive. He's your friend & will guide you through intentionally confusing puzzle maze. He wishes that he had the more *Juicy* one, but instead this body is the only model that's available.
- Argh! Eik Serkat!. don't worry about me, I will resurrect tomorrow.
- Another Joker Revenant Games! Use [GothicDM textures](https://www.doomworld.com/idgames/graphics/gothictx) & designs. Step on one out of numbers of the nukage. One or few nukage contains actual Floor DMGs. Only 1 leads to progress & at the final, level complete.
- the final part suddenly has lots grid of nukage pool. All but 1 are insta-death. *Wow, I am really impressed with such a formidable power of yours. Let's see if this at here in the last one could save you, Good Luck.*
- Using ACS to randomize which sector becoming progress and neutral.
- ydkj name `DownloadACar` triggers easter egg: Okay, I see you upset there, me too! But.. let's pretend we're nice people now, we shall discuss this later after the game, shall we? Okay, let's play the game first.
- Alright, these are all the players, let's just begin the game!
- Incarnage. anDOOM brutally. incarnate carnage.
- `I FUCKING HATE FREEDOOM AND YOU'RE CLOWN FOR SUPPORTING IT`. A Patch Mod PK3 containing Extra textures from Final DOOM & others, designed for official DOOM IWADs. Covers Final DOOM & Exclusive Freedoom textures but using copyrighted DOOM textures & flats. To replicate Freedoom's coverages, but DOOM original. May still clash & misalign with maps designed for TNT Final DOOM IWADs due to way different arrangements, designs & offset. There is a variant that only adds Freedoom files! You can just pretty much use WadFusion & bring all your wads. It's okay sparsdated coz the new ones are censored anyway.
- Crab Temple. Legacy of Rust knockoff, using old enemy design & id24. [Leftovers of Freedoom](http://redirect.viglink.com/?key=71fe2139a887ad501313cd8cce3053c5&subId=6313256&u=https%3A//www.doomworld.com/forum/topic/123738-freedoom-classic-megawad-001-release/). Crab is Crustacean. cRUSTacean. Rust Programming Language. Legacy of Rust. The DNB is beginning cleanup operation because the temple has been full of **Gentayangan** over the past few years. Gentayangan / Spiritual lingers are consider trespassing & is fobidden in any DNB guarded realms, so you, hired as a poltergeist to clean demonic leftovers of this temple.
- Floor Delta Floor Ceiling. use math floor & math ceiling. show graph of floor, raw, and ceil at the same time in LED strip bar
- Oracle's logistic sortment center. a bunch of packages destined to Ms. Dawn Collins. First large label from oracle uses her Indonesian name: Nona Fajar. Smaller paper stuck to it to be read by logistic robot like those Amazon or Tokopedia delivery something.
- The sortment center had to rebrand to Predictor due to trademark concern against ORACLE irl.
- Mboh UX. Selaco-fy your DOOM experience but Gratis, Open Source, & FULL VERSION. another Mod PK3 that replaces the whole UX to become like Selaco's & KEX at the same time. Probably at this point you might just wanna hack the GZDoom (fork & edit) itself?
- Gegap Gempita
- Aku Bahagia / Yesus Angkat Dosaku dan buang ke laut byur. The melody uses that Rhodes from Blue Archive, but GM seems doesn't have it, so we stuck with Clavi that's close. maybe add square wave Dual? The Drum is Brush like from a pub in 60s. inspire [Kevin & Karyn's cover](https://youtu.be/QQJOF5VdaPU)
- You impose patent so nobody *steals* it even if your way of this work is garbage & kills people. I impose patent so you don't steal & ruin it. We're not the same. Actually I don't patent. Everyone must makes this seatbelt mandatory, punishable by law if no safe.
- A CEO died single even after 320 girlfriend rejects. The company in shock. What to do? He was the one motivating us to have spouse! We are not hypocrite! Sell the church organization to a mega church. mega church more successful and more rich, eventually consume whole company to the mega church, blind siding them from truth forever. Because they thought God is unfair and makes the motivator himself died single when he wants coupling. The CEO was nice, no toxic, no what. Just humble. Then die old without the wife he deserved. Died a celibacy he doesn't want.
- Trust event ZZZ: Wrong Monitor. an agent standing by Lumina's mall, contemplating his wrong PC Monitor after he/she saw several GTID videos on YouTube. Though ancient info, the trend still applies in this Universe & this era. The better monitor (that's HDR & OLED, same big size) already arrive at the same price he remembered back when he bought one (which was the LCD with forced HDR support, that size), so he/she felt took that too soon and his monitor quickly considered inferior just by a season. Gain Trust: It's okay, just use it until it break, unless your comission need one, DNB will have one provided for you. Oh I see.. Hehe, well, It's an LCD Display. I loathe fake HDR. But I have no commission that needs HDR right now.. so.. Maybe I should request DNB anyway, good point! thancc Belle / Wise.
- ERIDUVISION. Parody of Eurovision. Ridu Chronicle. Resurrect *Eurovision* decades after the Hollow. The winner was announced a decade before the major Hollow disaster.
- Politic Debugger. Another set of debug parameter viewers, that sees personal view of the programmer. Things like Open Source Guideline Strictness, Paywallness, Partialness (Paid extra modules), etc. How the programmer suggest & direcommend a particular set of modules based on those key factors. `This module is proprietary, NOT RECOMMENDED`
- Silence Translator. Translator can now translate no litteral word but expression from heart. Anything! Not just Silent, Mute, Non-sensical, Non-lexical, everything. Very advanced & revolutionary. You can now hear what Doom Slayer said, without he put dialog, nor anything in that sense. Pink Panther, Komi-san, Mr. Bean, French Mimes, Mute people, you name it! `... (Oh, hello Belle!)`, `!!! (Honestly I'm so nervous, what if it doesn't work?!)`

## sdjfjkhadjikfghkjlaerhjklfhaljkeshfjklaes

by JOELwindows7  
CC4.0-BY-SA  
Perkedel Technologies